and Piglet too
winnie-the-pooh who said that it's an
air raid Hall mm-hmm
but a bear of very little brain he
certainly finds quite a lot of
excitement who me
oh I'm just looking for some money would
you happen to have any honey I'm sorry
Pooh I don't but I do have four classic
stories in the Hundred Acre Wood with
you and Tigger and your and Christopher
Robin you're all so much fun
exactly well actually mr. narrator I'm
rather hungry I do almost anything to
fill my tummy
sounds familiar Pooh did you forget in
Winnie the Pooh and the honey tree you
take to the air when you were how many
potties bear I shall fly like a bee up
to the honey tree see then it's a windy
day in the Hundred Acre Wood in the
Academy award-winning Winnie the Pooh
and the blustery day that's when I saved
poor little piglet and everybody threw a
party just for me
you are a hero and you remember Winnie
the Pooh and Tigger 200 think think what
is that song the tickets always sing the
wonderful thing about Tiggers it's sigur
the wonderful things the top fermented a
robot Japan on the Mahalo spring the
bouncy trophy flouncy palsy fun fun fun
fun fun but the most wonderful thing
about Tiggers if I'm the only one oh yes
that was the time we all tried to take
the boats out of jiggle don't be
rigorous they didn't work out very well
that is not as well as he was worth day
party that's right and we need to poo in
a day for your your thinks everyone's
forgotten his birthday nobody cares that
you and your friends prove him wrong
with a surprise party this is so
exciting I'm sure kids of all ages will
really have fun sharing these adventures
with you poo and all your friends from
the Hundred Acre Wood quite frankly
there's one two three four plots of
honey no four we need to poo storybook
videos boy there's nothing more fun than
collecting all four except collecting
honey of course
Katy up n da chopper now